Our two funded postdoc positions support PI Rominger and co-PI Owens. While these researchers have already demonstrated maturity as scientists and academics, we will nonetheless mentor Rominger and Owens following the guidance of the National Academies of Science and Engineering on how to enhance the postdoctoral experience ([http://www.nap.edu/openbook.php?record_id=9831&page=3](http://www.nap.edu/openbook.php?record_id=9831&)). Owens will be formally mentored by co-PIs Guralnick and Soltis, while Rominger will be formally mentored by Guralnick and Hickerson, in addition to his established career development mentor, Prof. Jennifer Dunne at the Santa Fe Institute, who serves in a capacity outside of this grant proposal.  All senior co-PIs will engage in informal mentoring of the postdocs.

*Co-development of an individual plan that defines the expectations and goals of the postdoc*: At the beginning of the postdoc appointments, the group will meet with Rominger and Owens to identify lead formal mentors with who to develop plans that will provide the basis for regular self-assessment, formal annual evaluation, and activities during the project. This plan will be updated yearly via meetings between the postdocs and their formal mentors.

*Explicit acknowledgement that career development is an integral part of a post-doctoral position**:* We will attend seminars, workshops, skills training, and professional development events at the Santa Fe Institute (SFI), the University of Florida (UF), and other institutions. We specifically include opportunities covering professional activities. These occur as part of the non-hierarchical culture at SFI, where Rominger participates in faculty meetings and hiring committees, and within the UF Museum, which introduces Owens to the service responsibilities of faculty, teaching effectiveness and strategies for promoting student-centered learning. Both postdocs and all senior co-PIs will engage in  mentoring on how to find funding and next-step career opportunities.

*Strong support for postdocs’ attendance at core meetings: *Rominger and Owens will attend core disciplinary meetings such as the Society for the Study of Evolution (SSE) and Ecological Society of America (ESA), to promote and receive feedback on their work and gain exposure to cutting-edge research. Rominger and Owens will also be supported to take part in activities at iDigBio, which will provide an unparalleled opportunity for them to get first-hand experience in 21st century museum expertise.

*Quarterly postdoctoral mentoring reviews to examine the status and progress towards career goals: *These reviews will address concrete project management and career development topics, e.g. developing rational timelines, major roadblocks, and identifying opportunities to exercise leadership, etc. We will together provide Rominger and Owens with an annual progress summary for potential use in reports to NSF.

